Initial data set section (#3)
MrLongbottom/P9-Rapport: sections/Dataset.tex

\section{Dataset}

> Nordjyske is a media group maintaining many local newspapers, radios and websites in the North Jutland region of Denmark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nordjyske is a media group maintaining many local newspapers, radios, and websites in the North Jutland region of Denmark.
```

> All articles produced by Nordjyske are saved in a database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All articles produced by Nordjyske are saved in a nonpublic database.
```

Each article is represented with a \texttt{pdf} file and an \texttt{xml} file, as well as one \texttt{png} file for each image in the article.

> The data set we are using is only a subset of all articles contained in the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dataset we are using is only a subset of all articles contained in the database.
```
Vi har ikke besluttet os for den ene eller anden måden at skrive dataset, men jeg kan personligt best lide denne.

> We choose to take all articles written from 2017-2019, due to the file structures being more consistent after 2016.

Reviewer: Vi nævner ikke mere at det er danske artikler, men det er måske ok.

Author: Vi siger at det er local newspapers from Denmark, så jeg tror det er fint at antage at de er danske

> \section{Dataset}

Reviewer: Antallet af dokumenter i datasættet er relevant at nævne, samt at udpensle at det er et kun dansk datasæt tænker jeg også er en god idé

Nordjyske is a media group maintaining many local newspapers, radios and websites in the North Jutland region of Denmark.
The 'Nordjyske' dataset consists of news articles from 2017-2019. 
Each article is represented with a \texttt{.pdf} file and an \texttt{.xml} file, as well as one \texttt{.png} file for each picture in the article.

> Currently we extract only the body text and headline from the .xml files, though they do contain more information, such as authors, references to images, article type, date of publishing, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently we extract only the ID, body text, and headline from the xml files, though they do contain more information, such as authors, references to images, article type, date of publishing, etc.
```

The structure of a document in the data set is as follows:
\begin{itemize}

> 	\item Id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	\item ID
```

	\item Headline
	\item Body

> \end{itemize}

Reviewer: Tror det er bedre bare at skrive itemizen ud på den tidligere sætning, da jeg ikke føler at have det som punkter giver meget her.

\section{Dataset}
Nordjyske is a media group maintaining many local newspapers, radios and websites in the North Jutland region of Denmark.

> The 'Nordjyske' dataset consists of news articles from 2017-2019. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should clarify that this is a dataset we "created" / "selected" not one that has been published or anything.

Reviewer 2: also its only a small subset of the entire 'nordjyske' dataset, but we can mention some of the reasons we chosse 2017-2019, file types, covid break, etc.

Each article is represented with a \texttt{.pdf} file and an \texttt{.xml} file, as well as one \texttt{.png} file for each picture in the article.

Currently we extract only the body text and headline from the .xml files, though they do contain more information, such as authors, references to images, article type, date of publishing, etc.

> The structure of an entity in the data set is as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The structure of a document in the data set is as follows:
```
tror det er det vi kalder artikler herfra.

\section{Dataset}
Nordjyske is a media group maintaining many local newspapers, radios and websites in the North Jutland region of Denmark.

> All articles produced by Nordjyske saved in a database.

Author: ```suggestion
All articles produced by Nordjyske are saved in a database.
```

Each article is represented with a \texttt{pdf} file and an \texttt{xml} file, as well as one \texttt{png} file for each image in the article.
The data set we are using is only a subset of all articles contained in the database.
We choose to take all articles written from 2017-2019, due to the file structures being more consistent after 2016.
We also wanted to include 2020, however, there was a period where no articles were uploaded to the database around the time of the Covid-19 outbreak, so a lot of articles seem to be missing from this year, unfortunately.

> Currently we extract only the ID, body text, and headline from the xml files, though they do contain more information, such as authors, references to images, article type, date of publishing, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently we extract only the ID, body text, and headline from the xml files, though they do contain more information, such as authors, references to images, article type, date and time of publishing, etc.
```

> Currently we extract only the ID, body text, and headline from the xml files, though they do contain more information, such as authors, references to images, article type, date and time of publishing, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently we extract only the ID, body text, and headline from the xml files, though they do contain more information, such as authors, references to images, article type, date and time of publishing, etc.
This information could become relevant with the use of various \gls{lda} modifications.
```
